About Sunbeam 
 
 At Sunbeam we believe retaining a competitive edge is imperative for any individual in today's professional world. Companies are restructuring their organizations & reengineering their business processes. Not only have the challenges become more demanding, but also the rewards of staying at the forefront seem to be promising.In this scenario, technical & personal skills which provide effective solutions & time critical support are of principal significance for the long term growth of professionals. Sunbeam's expertise in effectively delivering training, solutions & services has made it a favored institution to many students & professionals focused on an aggressive career growth strategy.Sunbeam's proven track record in bringing about effective transformations in individuals is backed by a solid understanding of the rapidly changing needs of the industry & the global business scenario. Sunbeam's success has been built on its comprehensively researched, innovative training methodologies, deployment of technology and an emphasis on transformational & industry-relevant programs offering value-added services to its clients. A young and dynamic management team and carefully recruited and trained staff members drive Sunbeam's business vision & have established strong credentials in a short span of time.Sunbeam Group's expertise in effectively delivering training & solutions has made it a favored associate to many establishments focused on aggressive growth strategies. Since it's humble beginnings in the late 90's Sunbeam Group has today, evolved into a multi-technology, multi-location competency center with IT professionals capable of delivering high-end technological training & solutions in diverse modes. Their expertise in various IT fields has made Sunbeam Group a premium turnkey solution provider.SunBeam IT Park, Hinjawadi campus is located in Phase 2 area of Rajiv Gandhi IT Park Hinjawadi. It isjust opposite to Infosys- Phase 2 campus. The institute isspread across a campus of 70,000 sq ft.The campus houses aworld class academic and computing infrastructure. The campus consists of state-of-the-art classrooms each equipped with ergonomic seating arrangements, air conditioning, LCD projection system, public address system and soothing interiors conducive to learning.The computing infrastructure consists of state-of-the-art labs designed with utmost care to enable students to spend prolonged hours in their practicals. Computer Labs have been designed to enable classroom approach making concurrent conduct of lectures and practicals (Online Training) possible.The campus also houses a well equipped library, reading rooms, the administrative blocks, server rooms, staff rooms, canteen etc. The institute has tie-ups with private third party hostels in the close vicinity which provide student accommodation on sharing basis.'Sunbeam Chambers', Plot No.R/2, Market Yard Road, Behind Hotel Fulora, Gultekdi,    Pune - 411 037. MH-INDIA."Sunbeam IT Park", Second Floor, Phase 2 of Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park,Hinjawadi, Pune - 411057, MH-INDIASunbeam. © 2025. All Rights Reserved.Powered by authlinQ
 
 Pre-Cat(Preparatory Course for Entrance)
 
 Course Contents: 
 General Aptitude (Quantitative Aptitude, Reasoning and English)
Computer Fundamentals & Concepts of Programming
C Programming
Data Structure
Object Oriented Programming Concepts Using C++
Operating Systems & Networking
Basics of Big Data & Artificial Intelligence
Computer Architecture
Digital Electronics
Microprocessor
 
 Eligibility Criteria: 
 Students who are eligible for Full-time PG Courses are eligible for Pre-CAT courses.
 
Pre-CAT Batches schedule: 

 columes Per-cat : ['Sr.No', 'Batch Code', 'Batch Duration', 'Start Date', 'End Date', 'Time', 'Fees (Rs.)'] 
 row Per-cat : ['1', 'PM-48', '160 Hrs', '16-Feb-2026', '14-Apr-2026', '9:00 AM  To  1:00 PM', '17600/-']
row Per-cat : ['2', 'OM-66', '160 Hrs', '25-Feb-2026', '16-May-2026', '2:00 PM  To  6:00 PM', '15500/-']
row Per-cat : ['3', 'PH-39', '160 Hrs', '09-Mar-2026', '05-May-2026', '9:00 AM  To  1:00 PM', '17600/-']
